Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I wasn't going to do a video tonight; I was going to take the day off, but I felt in my spirit we could just talk over some things real quick and we'll pray.
We saw a lot of progress in our prayers for the nations even from the last 48 hours when we did those back-to-back videos.
I told you I believe with all my heart God has assembled the greatest prayer group of any generation for such a time as this with people like you.
He said, "Braden, I'm bringing my best,"and I truly believe it, that the veterans and the newbies, the ones that are learning how to pray, I'm telling you, I really believe we're changing things.
And so, finding these weapons of mass destruction has been on my heart all day.
I truly believe they're in the northeast, underneath this mountain. I keep seeing this mountain.
And if you go back to what we were looking at yesterday, I'll give a little recap real quick.
I saw the man with the black hat hiding. I don't know; it sounds like they found him today. I don't know if this is true.
I'm getting a lot of fake news, so you don't know who is real and who is not, but some people say that he was injured and they took his leg.
Benny Johnson on his show tonight was saying that they believe that he was injured and they might have taken his leg off because of the injuries that he's sustained.
I don't know if that's fake news or not, but as I continue to pray, I believe that the Lord is going to deal with this man, too.
Some people say he's worse than the last one. There's so much news.
There's so much stuff coming in that I said, "What do you believe and what do you not believe?"You have to really just filter it and go with what you're praying over.
President Trump declaring that he believes the war is over; the economy, like I told you—Israel hit, from what I understand, every oil and gas plant in Iran.
And if that is true, if they've hit every single one of them, this is exactly what the Lord showed us in our prayer time back in June of last year.
And he told us that Israel would strike all the oil wells and the oil refineries, and there would be war on the Strait of Hormuz. We see that happening.
Oil went up to $120 a barrel today as crude was skyrocketing because of the news of Israel, and then Iran hit one of Israel's main oil plants and their gas plants where they make diesel and everything else.
They hit their largest plant, from what I understood last night.
So, they struck their oil wells; they blew up all of theirs. When that happened, oil shot up to $120 a barrel. Now, President Trump came on and said, "The war is over.
It looks like we're about over."Then oil started going back down when he and Putin said they were coming to an agreement on lifting the sanctions off of the oil for trade with Russia, which I know President Trump probably is trying to help our economy and he doesn't want people mad at him because midterms are coming.
If you have gas lines and $10-a-gallon gas, you're going to have a lot of upset Americans.
As we're praying into these things and seeing it, I believe the visions that the Lord shows me are so prayer changes things—that we don't have the gas lines, that we don't have massive gas prices go above $10 a gallon, and the anti-Semitism and all the things that the Lord has shown me.
I know because part of the vision has already come true. The war with Iran, the striking of all the oil wells—that part of the vision has happened, manifested completely.
The gas lines and oil going to $200 a barrel—this is the part where it split.
And so far it only went to $120. No gas lines. It's interesting to me, the things that I see and we're praying over.
Between all channels, we had probably 150,000 people pray over that last night.
I'm not quite to 200,000, but just a little under with all seven channels.
I give all the glory to God. There's so many of you that come out and pray like that.
I know the power of prayer. If you get one of us to pray, good; two agreeing touching anything...
just think about almost 200,000 people praying for up to two or three hours.
That's amazing. I believe that we're changing things. I pray we don't see gas go up to $10 a gallon.
That would be terrible and it would affect our economy greatly.
Half of it is in the news, half of it's not. The power of prayer there.
Number two, the Lord showed us yesterday, I believe, one weapon.
And as I was in the spirit again, I could hear that new leader talking to a scientist. "Does it work?"I could hear him in English.
"Does it work?"The scientist, in a white outfit, said, "It has not been tested yet, but we believe we have successfully built the bomb."It was ready to put on a rocket; it looked as long as a school bus, like a massive city bus.
That's how big this thing was—a fat, round-looking rocket.
They were pointing at this rocket saying that could be the payload.
They were discussing this one thing. They only had one, but it was not tested.
They said, "So, we don't know if it will work, but we all believe that it will.
We only have one."And I believe that was a nuclear something.
If you go back to what the Lord said: Hiroshima. Go back to that. That was an atom bomb.
It wasn't like what we have now, these great big ones, but it was still something very significant that hit Japan in World War II.
The Lord told us this, but as I was hearing this scientist talking to the man with the black hat, black turban, they kept talking back and forth: "What do we have at our disposal?
What bigger artillery do we have underground?"They were discussing things, getting ready for a surprise attack against Israel with biological weapons.
I saw biological weapons. I saw containers that were underneath the ground.
They were separated out by Agent Orange. And there were three different kind of things.
The first one looked like a mustard-yellow substance because the Lord highlighted it with a color.
It was in a black drum, but in the spirit I could see a color on it. The next one was red.
They only had about six or seven barrels stacked up three high.
The others were over here and I could see them being stored, but there was a lot of it—50 or 60 barrels or more.
This one looked red, and I saw on it the letter Y. I'm still praying about it, but it was some kind of biological weapon, chemical warfare.
It was right next to it. That was something in the spirit realm.
When I was looking at it, there was something that looked like another kind of object, but I couldn't focus on it.
The visions come very fast and whenever I'm looking, so many things are coming at me.
I don't take the time, because I'm on a live stream, to pause it and try to look into it. That's the trouble with being live.
If it were in my private time, I would spend all day on that because I pray over it, and what I've learned to do is freeze-frame it in the spirit and just pray specifically over those biological weapons for hours and be able to focus in and look around them.
It is all by the Spirit of God, all to the glory of God. I didn't do that last night, though I wish I would have now.
I saw the missiles. They were painted black. Some were big, some were small.
I believe with all my heart this is under a mountain in the northeast area of Iran, closer to Afghanistan.
Turkmenistan is northeast up here, and this is Afghanistan.
If I can see the map? I'm talking about the north-northeast area.
So it had to be Turkmenistan. I see Iran and the mountains. In this vision, I saw mountains and I kept seeing northeast.
It was underneath these mountains—great facilities. It doesn't matter anymore; I'm moving on.
We have to do this quickly. I need your help. What else? I see, lower shows.
You saw the new weapon? Thank you. Then I saw America's new weaponry.
The Lord said that nobody else in the world, other than Israel, has some things that we've seen.
Remember that the Lord said, 'I have granted the United States supernatural wisdom to get this weaponry to liberate and set free the nations of the world that are suppressed and oppressed from religious freedom: Venezuela, Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Pakistan, and these other nations.'I saw in the vision something that was stronger than nuclear, but it was water-based.
A splitting of water that was a sustainable energy that never loses its power.
It is better than fossil fuels; it is better than nuclear. This was a new type of energy, but it was blue.
As it was glowing, I saw Elon Musk putting it on things to fly around and on rocket ships and Air Force planes so that you don't have to refuel them.
They would be able to sustain energy indefinitely, like an F-16.
I don't know what they have now, but planes that were fighter jets had turbines in the back with blue energy that was continually bubbling.
It was cleaner energy than fossil fuels ever thought about being, but it was being harnessed only by the military for their special interests.
It wasn't commercial; it wasn't used in a Ford F-150. It was used in spacecraft. I thought that was interesting.
I saw secret weapons that we are about to use that will make the earth shock in awe at the technological advancements we have achieved only by the hand of God.
The Lord said, 'I have restrained it where China has not been able to touch this.'I have held this back so that China...
you know, it's like you have a block. You're able to see certain things because you're using part of your brain you never knew you had.
Some people have really high IQs and some folks don't. You wonder how it is so clear to some and not for others.
Their minds are different, but the Lord said, 'I put it on certain people to be able to achieve this technological advancement for the liberation and setting free of these nations.'In the days ahead, I will use this, but Trump must remain humble with this.
It's not a dictatorship; it is a liberation. That makes sense where you don't come across like the Romans who would just wipe out anybody.
We could go and pick a fight because we have the best stuff in the world.
The Lord showed me that some of the technological advancements would be so overpowering that even Emmanuel Macron would freak out at the stuff we've never shown before.
We have held it back and are about to release it. It will be concerning Cuba.
I've told you I saw Marco Rubio helping liberate the people of Cuba, Venezuela, and Mexico in the days ahead—putting people in authority, helping establish the economy.
I saw new resorts for vacation and economic growth out of Cuba with golf courses and things like that.
A beautiful tourist industry is coming to Cuba in the days ahead with great hotels and facilities.
Major American chains will go in there, buy up the land, and build resorts. I saw it coming.
I saw Cuban cigar facilities exploding and I saw them distributing their cigars and doing things with their tobacco products.
I saw a new leader rise up who was not a tyrant. As I was praying into that last night, I saw gangs and bosses that would start to turn.
I saw African American men that had blue uniforms on with berets and blue camouflage who were protecting the leader of Cuba.
But then I saw a revolt in the nation because they wanted freedom for the first time in decades.
They wanted prosperity and for their families to have a better life. It was coming.
I saw a blessing increase coming to the Cuban people, same with Venezuela with our oil and all the other things.
We prayed against the guerrilla warfare coming out of Brazil and Colombia to attack the oil wells.
We've been praying to stop that because I saw drug lords blackmailing families, telling them if they don't fight against the American troops and stop this from happening, they will take their family out and torture them.
It was bad. I saw young men who didn't want to fight but were coming against us because they knew the terrain to try to get the oil wells in Venezuela.
Praying over the secret cells in our nation, I saw an underground communication that was not the internet.
It was a way the Iranian leader would communicate to the cells of people in our nation by telephone, but it was a rotary phone.
It wasn't like a cell phone; it was some kind of old communication that was not able to be tracked as easily because you're not looking for it.
They're trying to outsmart the 'smart'with 'dumb'technology.
The Lord said, 'Remember the carrier pigeons? Remember Morse code?
Remember the Cherokee Indians talking in World War II?'He said they're trying to communicate in a way that is out of the ordinary.
I saw a telephone to telephone, and as this line went across America, there were little cords that were stretched from them to rotary phones in each area, getting ready to give them the command to stir up these cells.
In our nation, as I was praying last night, I saw our nuclear power plants.
I saw Hoover Dam and other major dams for electricity and what we use.
If that happened, it would be a very catastrophic, bad thing.
Now, I don't know how much explosive it would take to take out a dam that size like Hoover Dam, but that would be something very significant and you surely would see that coming.
The Lord kept showing me in the vision U-Haul trucks, like Timothy McVeigh using fertilizer.
I saw these dams, the Las Vegas Strip, and these major cities, and I named every single one of them off last night.
I said, from Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Chicago, and I told you every single one that was popping up concerning hotels, concerning Trump Towers, and concerning key landmarks.
As I saw each one of these cities had over a hundred men that were stationed there for some kind of event, but they were waiting on the phone call.
Just like our military does not do anything outside of the commander-in-chief telling them to do it—take the shot or not—they don't go rogue; they don't just operate out of what they think.
They're strategic orders because they are not terrorists.
This is an invasion from another nation, and that's what the Lord showed me.
He said, "You are not looking at terrorists; you're looking at an invasion because of the Biden administration.
They let these people in without border security over those four years, and because of it, they have flooded your nation."And he said, "There's other nations that are in your nation, China, with secret groups also, but the main group that you should be focused on praying for right now is the Iranians.
They have infiltrated your nation."I saw these men, and the Lord said, "Pray over your high schools, your college campuses.
Plead the blood."I told you to anoint your children with oil and pray over the churches.
And the Lord said, "Watch the end of Ramadan. It is coming next week.
Praying over Ramadan, the end of it going into our holy day; our holy week is Easter in two weeks, the first part of April."Praying over our churches and our gatherings because the largest services we have—I believe it's April 5th—yeah, praying over Easter on April 5th, small and large churches.
Praying over our services and, Lord, praying clear into the celebrations for the 250th anniversary.
You know, ladies and gentlemen, I know some of the things I say are heavy, but I know that the power of prayer changes things.
And I know that he has called us to the kingdom for such a time as this: to pray for Trump, to pray for his family, and to pray for his sons, Eric and Don Jr., specifically the most.
Not saying that Tiffany, Ivanka, and Barron are not important; these are the ones that are highlighted to me to pray over: the two older sons.
The Lord said specifically Don Jr. the most. I saw him the most in the visions and I continue to do so.
And we will continue to pray for his family and his daughter, Kai, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
Praying over President Trump that he will finish his term, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers him, and that he will have a clarity of thought.
That devil I saw in his office that looked like a blackbird kept reaching down and pecking at his head.
And the Lord said, "That is a spirit messing with him."I saw all the spirit and it was cloaked; it was hidden, and a lot of people couldn't see; you could only see it by the spirit of God.
I saw it, and it kept like a woodpecker picking at his mind trying to make him nest, like Joe Biden yielded himself to that demonic spirit.
I saw that snake crawl up by his feet and wrap around his whole body and start talking in his ear. It was a black serpent that looked like a constrictor.
It was wrapped around his head and it started talking in his ear, and he was listening to a demonic spirit. I saw it as he was staring out the window.
There's a lot of people that saw that video, and a lot of people didn't; that's clear back when we first started.
And the Lord said, "You must pray."And we pray for Joe Biden just like we pray for President Trump.
I have to say—no, I refrain that—I pray for Trump a lot more than I ever pray for Biden.
I probably should have prayed for Biden more; I didn't. It was hard for me because I did not like that man.
But I prayed for him—it wasn't always easy—and I still prayed for Kamala Harris and I prayed for our nation, but it wasn't always easy.
But I pray for Trump all the time, and I will continue to do so.
But I saw again: Rubio has slain his tens of thousands and Saul has slain his thousands.
I saw a competitiveness coming between two men, for one would move with the hand of the Lord to liberate the people of South America and Cuba, and the other would be a tail rider.
Like you get the draft of somebody else like Trump and you're riding behind him, the other would have his tens of thousands and one would have his thousands, and he would ride the tail thinking he already had it.
But the Lord said, "I have my hand on this one."As I was praying into those things, I saw Homeland Security and the occult strategically putting strife into our law enforcement, our Homeland Security, and our FBI, trying to bring discord into our main people who are protecting us the most: the sheriff's department and the law.
It was a cultic assignment. I saw specifically Homeland Security and concerning ICE a strife and a root of some kind of stirring up of strife in that department to divide a house divided.
And the Lord specifically gave this scripture to us: "But Jesus knew their thoughts and said to them, 'Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation, and every city or house divided against itself will not stand.
If Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself. How then will his kingdom stand?'"The Lord said that because of the strife in this department, a house divided cannot stand.
I saw a line dividing America last night that looked like a lightning bolt, and I saw blue versus red and I heard "civil war."As I was praying to this, I saw a plan of the enemy to bring great division in our Department of Homeland Security so that where there is strife, the Lord said there is confusion and every evil work.
And he said the enemy was trying to specifically bring strife in the White House, in our Homeland Security, and in the Secret Service and FBI.
He said he was trying to bring in strife so that there would be a dividing of the house that cannot stand.
But where there's strife, there's confusion and every evil work.
And he said, "If the enemy can get them off of their stance of leadership and uncovering this mass of people that has entered into our nation—MS-13, this deliberate sabotage—they will try to get a road in that they'll miss something and something tragic happens to your nation."I'm trying to make sure I make it as clear as possible.
This is very serious, and that's why we were praying over our nation last night for peace in Homeland Security, the FBI, and the sheriff's department, that they will not have confusion and every evil work.
They'll have peace that passes all understanding and they will find the evildoers in our nation and they will be brought to justice without any harm to any American civilians or churches.
I truly believe we can change things through prayer. That's why you're here tonight, but I'm trying to give you a highlight real real quick. So we saw that and I saw the strife.
I saw the Lord said there would try to be a civil war break out over American soil and I saw it would be red versus blue, which would be Democrat versus Republican.
And the Lord said, "That's what the enemy would try to do is bring great division even on a greater level."And it was split. As I was looking into this, thank you, Holy Spirit.
I saw a wall in the northeast that looked like a bronze wall that was really thick that had an all-seeing eye at the top of it that was purple across the top of it and engraved into this wall, it said Rockefeller.
As I saw this thing, this wall with this eye looking out over everything looked like an all-seeing eye, like a pyramid, like the Illuminati stuff. It was on a wall.
I saw a man with no shirt on, with a black mask on that was leather, with a dog collar on, with metal spikes all over this black thing on his head with a leather strap going down, and he looked like some kind of—I know I have a lot of kids watching me—very gross adult content. But that's what I saw.
And the Lord said, "This is a spirit that is assigned to the nation; it's the pornographic, grotesque sexual stronghold that has been over the nation through pornography."And I saw that built right up here and is what was allowing, because of this spirit through the porn industry and over our nation, all this trash.
The Lord said it has opened a door, and I saw this door that was almost like there was a demonic principality that looked like a huge black figure behind it and it was getting strength from the porn.
So, I'm trying to tell you what I saw last night. But where there is strife, there's confusion in every evil work.
And as I saw the strife trying to come in our departments of defense and all these things, the Lord said, "This is a strategic thing.
Pray for peace. Pray for your president."His feet were trying to move with steel in his shoes and he was trying to move as much as he could.
But there was so much demonic pressure even on his veins in his blood because the demonic spirits do not want him to accomplish what he's accomplishing.
This is about the end of the end. That's why I said what I said last night. I was so bold about it trying to tell you all.
I saw him moving, and the Lord said as I saw him moving that way, I saw the body of Christ with some big burly guys pick him up by his feet and by his backside and lift him up on their shoulders and they carried him across the finish line.
So he was there and his feet still had that weight. But the body of Christ that was burly and was ready for war, the body of Christ that said, "Hey, I've got what it takes to fight the devil.
Come on, President. You'll get on our backs. We'll carry you across the finish line.
We'll get this done."And the Lord said, "What will you do to help this man?
I am holding the church accountable if he makes it or doesn't.
Carry him across the finish line in your prayers."I hope you're hearing me.
He said, "Grab a hold of him and put him on your shoulders."And I saw President Trump with his nice clothes on and they were on with some guys that look like barbarians in the spirit realm.
And they grabbed a hold of our president and they put him on their shoulders and they carried him across the finish line.
And President Trump made what he's supposed to do. He did what he's supposed to do.
And I saw the goal line—you know what I'm talking about? Not like a football.
You see the end zone. We carried him to the end zone. And I'm telling you, that's what I saw. And I thought this is responsibility.
As he had steel shoes, he had concrete blocks on his feet and he was moving, trying to get there: "Oh, I got to get to that end zone.
I got to get to the end zone."And he was, but as he was doing it, the weight of the demonic on his blood was trying to destroy his organs and cause him to have a major heart attack and cause his veins to collapse because of the demonic pressure.
There is great satanic attack against this man. As I saw him sitting at his Oval Office desk writing down things and there was a massive storm outside and the Lord said, "You must speak to the storm."That's what we're here for.
There's 7,000 of you right now. And so I give you these highlights, but the Lord said there'll be great economic blessing come out of Cuba; there'll be a new leader over Mexico in the days ahead.
I saw these things happening at night and the grid would go down.
Things would happen against Cuba's grid and things will happen like that.
And I'm telling you, it's going to happen within a 24-hour period.
Cuba will be liberated. It'll be all over the news and a new beginning will come.
And the Lord said, "But you still must pray for weapons of mass destruction against the Israeli people coming out of Damascus concerning an attack against the people out of Damascus."The Lord reminded me of a sermon that Perry Stone talked about that Damascus would be a ruinous heap like the Bible says.
What causes that? I don't know. What actually happened? Some people say Israel used a nuclear weapon on them or something like that.
I don't know. All I know is President Trump said today that he believed the war was over and in the stock market, he saved it. The oil fell.
All these things took place today, I believe to help the economy, because after he announced that the stock went way up high, and then they said we're having meetings with Putin and all these things are happening with Putin.
I know he is a chess player. Our president is a chess player. He's very brilliant and he's looking way ahead before it even happens.
And so I know he listens to the prophetic. I know he does even more today after Donné.
If anybody knows what President Trump posted on his Truth Social, he posted Kim Clement's word.
So, President Trump is going through prophetic words and listening for guidance by the spirit, by the hand of the Lord. He knows. Donné said it blessed her.
So of anybody in the community that has been through hell, that family has—losing Kim back in 2015, losing him to brain cancer or that tumor and going through all this and still sticking with it like they have going through the trenches and pulling these old prophecies out and bringing this out and following the call of God.
Following the call of God on their lives and not giving up on something when they could have said they were so down and so outcast and saying, "Our dad's gone,"and just giving up on it all.
But they kept on keeping on and the Lord rewarded them today.
And I thought of anybody that deserved it, I believe that young lady did and the mama, and I know Donné is.
She's the spokesperson. She's the one that I see the most. But I love that family.
There's some good people. They are some really good people and it blessed me.
So, but this shows you that President Trump is seeking. He knows the prophetic.
He knows what people are saying. But isn't this amazing that he would post this on his Truth Social today?
He watched Kim Clement, but that shows you he's hungry and he's looking for guidance.
So, we have a window to pray for him. And I truly believe we are not done with Iran yet.
We must finish the weapons under the ground that I have seen.
They must not be used. These weapons, we must liberate them completely.
Now, that's where we need to step in and pray that they would find them.
They need guidance and they need to know if they haven't found them already.
We need to find those. So, what else is that? Yeah, pretty much.
Can you show them anything else you found today? I talk too much, I think.
How long did I talk? 47. Goodness gracious, I do it every night.
That was good. And you had cloaking. You saw cloaking or something like that.
I saw a really cool tech that cloaks them so that you can't see them on the battlefield.
I saw an invisible shield, but it was on their clothes somehow, like a suit that makes the soldier and the people invisible.
I thought that was pretty neat. And it would manipulate time and space like how you see somebody in the natural.
They're there but they're not there. How? I don't know. I mean, that's pretty neat, huh? So that's what I saw.
Now some people said, "Well, Brandon, you just gave classified information."Well, please don't throw rocks at me.
I'm just telling you, hey, we're about to see some stuff we never thought we'd see, and it's going to be a while.
Shock and awe. As I was praying last night, I saw the flag again. Show them the flag.
This is the antichrist flag that he will raise whenever he becomes the Mahdi.
When the Mahdi comes and their Islamic false god comes, which we call the antichrist, he will create a flag that looks like this.
When I went to tribulation in 2014, this is what the flag looks like. I made it out of memory of what I saw when I was there.
Those are the five pillars of Islam above the world with the green, the white, and the black.
The sickle swords and the palm leaves represent what I saw them using to people's heads.
That was about prosperity and whatever. It's part of the Islamic stuff that they have there.
There's symbolism in it. It was in a world thing. The green represented a group of people like the Hamas, al-Qaeda, and ISIS.
I saw Iran summoning these people up, "Will you help us to distribute?"Because they didn't want these weapons of mass destruction.
Last night I saw this and when I was praying, we don't want America and Israel to find this, but they were willing to give it to Hamas and to al-Qaeda and to these other terrorist organizations to distribute them out as much as they could in the still of the night, trying to give these weapons away before they were destroyed by our military.
And this is what I told you when this all happens. The Antichrist honors these groups of people with a stripe on the flag bringing forth his appearance.
Does that make sense what I'm trying to tell y'all? Each color represented something.
And that's what I saw that they'll put on every building, and they take down the American flag one day and they put that on the buildings and nobody resists it because they have the chip that's like Neuralink, and they put it in your head and it makes you like a zombie.
It changes you and the way you think. You don't resist anymore; you become compliant to anything and everything they tell you to do.
The moment you try to rebel, it sends a signal to your brain to calm you down.
It sends endorphins to your body that you can't even harm yourself physically.
The moment you take the mark they put in your hand, it sends an endorphin to you.
And everyone worships at this place right here. And they worship all places like this all around America.
That's in Oklahoma. I know, honey, but I want them to see it. Are you talking about the real location?
No, I'm talking about that right there. Well, yeah, because it messes up.
So, that's why I'm not playing it, because it goes backwards.
It's kind of creepy, but that's the way it looks. I'm telling you, it's coming sooner than you all realize.
Jesus Christ is coming. He's standing at the door. What is he waiting for? The fruit.
He has long patience for the fruit, for the former and the latter rain, just like he said in his word.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, we're about to see something we never—we're going to see the shock and awe.
And that's whenever I saw the earthquakes again. And the Lord said, "Watch the fish from the deep, Brandon. They're coming from the deep.
They're going to start washing up on the shore and it's going to be a sign right before major things start to take place.
You're going to see these major fish. There's going to be earthquakes in the Ring of Fire.
There's going to be earthquakes in Italy."And what did I tell you about where it was in Italy?
I said it's on an underwater volcano in Italy right off the coast.
And I said, "It will cause a tsunami wave that kills 300,000 people in just a single moment with water and an explosion from a volcano."Today, I said, "You'll start to see the signs."And I heard the angels of the Lord, "Woe, woe, woe."To them, I saw it.
Where did it happen today? A 6.0 earthquake, 8 miles off the coast of Naples, Italy at p.m.
Do y'all see that? It's where I told you it was going to hit. I said, "There'll be tremors.
There'll be signs right before."And I saw a major shaking of Rome.
And I said, "It will shake the Vatican and tear up the Vatican City.
And this will be a sign the Lord said that I'm bringing revival and a shaking to the Catholic church."Do you remember the word?
Does anybody remember the word about the volcano outside? And I even told you where it was going to hit.
That's exactly the spot to a T there. You can't get any more accurate than that.
That's what the Lord said. There's that fish on the shore flipping around out there.
Doomsday fish. Another one washed up today. Why is that girl doing that?
Can I grab it? That thing will probably bite him. Let it go. Sushi.
But did you see there was one over here and one over there; it looked like there might have been two.
Yeah, they're washing up on the shore because of what I told you was underneath the ocean.
The Lord said pay attention to the ocean floor. There's volcanoes down there that are about to erupt. I said pressure on the earth. Remember what I told you?
I saw the sun's going to become very active in the days ahead and there's going to be major earthquakes.
I said at the same time the war and the birthing pains would go hand in hand.
I said, "Watch Italy. Watch Italy. Watch the Ring of Fire. Watch Japan.
It will be divided and the mountain there will blow its top and it will cause a catastrophic event to take place in Japan and off the coast of Oregon.
I saw a massive volcano going off and it causes a tsunami wave going inland into Portland.
That area. Look at that. I want to show where that earthquake is again.
Look at that. I'm just telling you all that. That's pretty amazing, isn't it?
Right off in the water. Just like the Lord said, a 6.0 that happened today.
But it's something to do with volcanoes. If you don't have it, that's fine.
I remember we made a short about it. Look at this. So, you can show them the rocket while you're looking for it.
So, this little guy with the black hair that I told you—that blackheaded turban thing—he put a missile out today.
Is this the video? No. Is this the video you want? I was wanting to show him what I gave about the earthquake when I told about Italy.
I saw a canary in the coal mine and I saw gases on the coastline coming up.
I saw gas coming up out of the earth as this thing gets ready to happen.
I saw a canary in the coal mine and the canary was dead in the bottom of the cage as I saw these angels coming out of a portal.
They came down and were waking up the people. It was in the middle of the night and they were summoning them to come.
Something was about to happen. The angels were warning them.
But there was a gas coming up and the Lord said, "Remember a canary in a coal mine.
There will be signs right before the major event takes place.
Watch for them. Pre-earthquakes."I don't remember, baby.
You said a massive earthquake. Oh, I have the same shirt on that I had on last night.
I thought I edited this one. Remember, you said it was on the coast.
There you go. I tried to show him and you did a good job. That was when you first started, Brandon.
I'm proud of you; you've come a long way. Okay, I got it. Ready? Open-eye vision again.
And he showed me, he said, "There's a massive volcano that's about to happen."I saw a coastline, but it's on the water and there's a massive volcano there.
He told me, "This is going to happen."He said, "There will be signs right before there's a massive explosion."I saw this thing explode huge.
And he kept having me pray over the ocean. There's something about the water around Italy that is very dangerous.
There's like a volcano in that water. This is going to shoot off and cause major devastation.
It's going to be very serious. So I've been praying for the people of Italy to wake up.
If they are Christian, that they will leave when this thing goes off.
There's a huge town or a city on the edge of the water where I saw this volcano go off.
There will be signs maybe even on the news in Italy about some rumblings, some earthquakes, some tremors to pre-warn that something big is going to happen.
Do not ignore this. It is very serious. What I saw is very serious.
If you start having a lot of tremors and you start seeing smoke, be forewarned.
I'm trying to tell you this is going to be a major event, an end-time event.
I don't know when it's going to happen. I wish I did. I'm sorry.
I only see in part and I hear in part. Just stuff I'm praying over. Those are two little things.
That was one of my first videos, one of the first warnings I brought to YouTube.
And today we had a 6.0 in the same spot the Lord showed me. Pretty interesting. Right there off the water.
I told Brandon, "That's the same area right there."That was three years ago.
All glory to Jesus; we're in the last of the last days. July 5th of 2023.
That's pretty incredible. I saw the canary in the coal mine and the angels coming.
I said there will be portals and signs in the heavens. You're going to start to see asteroids and all kinds of things. We're in the last days. All glory to Jesus.
I'm excited to be here and I'm thankful that you all watch and you take these things serious and you pray because I know God has called me for such a time as this.
What you see in the news, if you're praying the news, you're already too late.
"Iran-backed."This is interesting; Braden showed this to me.
Iran may be activating sleeper cells outside the country. Alerts say, "I wonder where."We pray before it's in the news.
The encrypted transmission was intercepted by the US. I said they're going to use a way of communication that is not normal.
The US has intercepted encrypted communication believed to have originated in Iran that may serve as an operational trigger for sleeper assets outside the country, according to federal government alerts sent to law enforcement agencies.
This is what we saw. ABC News is what said this. I told you it's not like the internet; they're doing something out of the normal.
I pray they find out what the message was. They want to do a fatal blow.
These people are going to do jihad. The Lord said it's jihad and I didn't even know what jihad was.
Braden had to tell me. It's like a kamikaze holy war. Braden made a short about it.
The Lord showed me Iran planning a strategic fatal blow. And then they mentioned the intercepted message and the sleeper cell.
Good job, Brandon. And then Fox News did a news report about it.
Well, that's enough. It isn't about me; it's about Jesus. He shows us these things so we can pray.
I believe with all my heart it is because we can change things through prayer. Now we're going to pray. I've talked an hour again.
So all 8,000 of you that want to get prayer and want to stay with me for go tubing and see if the Lord shows anything else, stick around.
To the ones that are serious about the Lord and want to stick around, thank you for being here.
I know it's late but I pray at night. Father, we thank you for every single one of them.
By the way, I'm not charging for membership. YouTube told us that we couldn't bring those special emojis out for fun without it.
I never ask you for a dime. That's YouTube. It's just little stickers that you all can put out there and have fun with.
If you want to do it, fine. If you can't afford it, it's a dollar. I'm sorry.
I'm not doing it for a fundraiser; I just knew some people like to have fun.
Some of you got really upset about a dollar. You really truly need to get a life.
You spend more on a stick of gum than you did for the emoji, and I don't even receive the money.
"YouTube takes it from me."I'm like, "What are you going to do?
I did it for fun."They take it and do God knows what they want to do. I think the owner of YouTube is Muslim, so whatever.
We're on his platform talking about Jesus coming, and I'm thankful they gave it to me.
But that being said, if anything—I pray to God it doesn't happen, but I'm just saying if anything were to happen—you can find us in the link down below: Facebook, X, and Instagram, to be able to find us at all times.
Those other platforms I have, and you can go over there and follow me on one of those.
In case something ever happened—I pray it never does, but I just always want to have a backup to a backup to a backup.
All right. Well, let's pray. Father, we just thank you for this time.
We thank you for spring, Lord. We sure love you. Isn't spring wonderful?
I love the flowers and the trees with the blossoms and all the things that you've provided for us.
You could have made things so boring and just said, "Well, everything's going to look the same; we would have not known anything different."But you were creative in your handiwork.
You made roses and daffodils, tulips, chrysanthemums, all kinds of really cool stuff.
Honeysuckle. Thank you. I just love your creation. I love to look at your stuff.
I love the animals. I'm so thankful, Father, for all that you provided for us to look at.
As the spring begins to spring, we're so excited as we have another day tomorrow on this earth, unless you call us home tonight.
But Lord, we're so grateful for this time that we have with you to be able to sit at your feet and take communion and just tell you we love you.
Thank you, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom—every single one of these people tonight—for such a time as this.
Thank you for every single one of them; that they are excited and on fire for Jesus; that every single one of them is excited that you're coming.
I don't know anybody that's not excited about your return, Lord.
I know we're looking up because we know our redemption draws nigh.
But tonight, our president needs our help, Lord. So, we lift him up before you.
We lift up his kids. We lift up his wife and his marriage. Father, I know there's a lot of pressure on their marriage.
You've shown me things, and I ask you, God, to bring back that love that was once there.
Lord, I thank you. I know they had to have something; they had a child together.
Stir up that time. Stir back up that love again, Father, and help them.
The pressure of being the president, the pressure of being the first lady, the pressure of all the things—Father, I don't know very many people that could handle it.
But I know, Father, that you give peace that passes all understanding to people because you give it to me all the time.
And I thank you, Father, that you bless our pastors and that they raise up right now and they have a mouthpiece and a backbone like a crowbar to tell the people that you're coming, and they give altar calls and they stop shy and back away because of seeker-friendly messages with lukewarm gospel feeding the porridge to the babies.
But Father, they train up the babies into warriors that are ready to take the land for you. Father, we disciple the new believers.
And Father, we don't just let them stay infants; we train them up and they learn how to eat the meat of the word.
I thank you, Father, that you've called us—my wife and me, my son and my daughter and all of us—for such a time as this to pray and to bring up this YouTube channel.
And I thank you, Lord, that this platform explodes in growth all for your glory because people are wanting to pray.
That you stir in the people to pray. You stir in the people, Father, and let us be accurate when we pray. We aren't flaky.
We don't represent you bad; we represent you well, Father, so that you look at us and say, "Hey, I can use him.
I can use her."We're not embarrassing. I know some people can be embarrassing.
But Lord, I thank you that we got stability up in here and that we show integrity and we bring forth the gospel, telling the people that Jesus Christ loves them and that they need to repent and turn from their sins because they're running out of time.
Thank you, Lord, that when we speak our words are weighty; that whenever they hear them, they hear the glory, they hear about the presence of God, and it stirs them up and they have expectation for the manifestation of the glory of God.
I thank you, Lord, that their ears are cleaned out from any kind of demonic interference; that they have ears to hear and a heart to receive what the spirit is saying.
I thank you, Lord, that tonight is just a night that we lift up our military.
We lift up our bodies. We lift up everything that we need tonight in our own flesh.
And we thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that by your stripes, we are healed.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, honor and praise for it.
And that's including allergies. Thank you, Lord, for allergies are under the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood, for we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us. We apply the blood. I see that right then when you said that.
I plead the blood over my eyes and I thank you that I see what you want me to see uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus over us and we thank you, Lord, that we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply it over my son, my daughters, over my wife tonight and over our finances.
I thank you, Lord, that you bless us in the city and the field coming in and going out that we have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel of Jesus Christ around the world.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in our bodies. We plead the blood over this time of prayer.
And I plead the blood—I put angels all around this room, Father, and over this live stream and over all that we're doing.
And we thank you, Lord, that we see and that we're accurate and we're not flaky, Father, because we know that if you be lifted up, we draw all men unto you to attract, to deflect, to attract, to deflect, to give you the glory in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. I do it different every time. I don't make it—I try to break the rut. I don't want a relationship like that. Do you?
Who wants a rut relationship with the Lord where you do the same thing all the time?
How would that be if you did that with your wife? You're just in there like a robot.
That's fake. It's about emotion; it's love, it's compassion.
You've got a marriage, but you're not a robot with your wife.
You're not a robot with your husband. If you are, your marriage is probably not that good.
That's the way it is with the Father. Don't make everything always so religious.
It's not religious; it's a relationship. And the more you get to be his friend, he'll be a friend to you.
He's not a respecter of persons. He's not up there mean. He's not mad.
Most people think God's mad all the time. God is not mad all the time.
I can tell you from personal experience, God is not mad at all.
I don't think I've ever—he gets ticked off at me sometimes when I say something stupid because my words are powerful, but it's not like it's just correction because he corrects those he loves.
But God's not a mean God. God's a good God. And God loves you. He's not up there with the stick beating people in the head.
Most people don't understand who he really is. God is love. God is love.
God is a friend. He's a friend that sticks closer than a brother.
Do you understand? Most people don't see him that way. They're afraid of him.
I fear the Lord and I reverence and honor him, but I'm friends with him. I honor him, but I'm friends with him.
You know, there's a line you just don't cross with friends, especially when it comes to your boss.
He's my boss, too. You just don't cross that line; you learn where that line is.
Father, what I saw right then when I was looking over in the spirit realm, he showed me tornadoes coming and he said, "Great tornado outbreaks are about to hit the nation."He said, "Yes, you're in spring, but the jet stream is going to be different."I saw it actually; it looked faster or something.
I don't know how else to say this, but the jet stream looked faster.
And in this, what's about to take place is long-track tornadoes that stay on the ground for quite some time—supercell storms like what hit Tulsa this last week.
But I saw Alabama in this specifically: Alabama long-track, big tornadoes, EF4, EF3 tornadoes for a long period of time.
So, we know what we do with that: we have authority over tornadoes.
You need to know this. If Jesus could speak to the storm, so can you. As he is, so are we in this world.
Now, if you're in your fraidy hole and you're in your tornado shelter, pray from there.
I'm not telling you to go outside and be dumb. I know some people that do that, but never mind, I'm not going to say anything else.
But you know, some of us go right out there and stand until it gets right up close to you and you're yelling at it.
Some people out here have some real grit. You go, "Wow, our pastor is one of them."Pastor Candace says she'll go out there and lasso that thing.
She isn't afraid. Pastor Candace will go out there and grab a hold of that thing and bring it in the name of Jesus. I love it though; I love authority.
I love people who know their authority and walk in it and aren't afraid of the devil when he tries to pull his tricks.
You're the whack-a-mole; get back in your hole. Oh, Father, we take authority over tornadoes.
We thank you, Lord, that we have authority over them in the name of Jesus.
We thank you for everything you showed us over Alabama, over Texas, over Arkansas, over Louisiana—the northern part, the Shreveport area.
We take authority over it in the name of Jesus: over Missouri, Kansas, the panhandle of Texas, and Amarillo.
We thank you, Lord, for this area concerning Nebraska, too.
Don't forget the two twin tornadoes I showed you over Nebraska. I saw two twin tornadoes over Omaha, Nebraska.
We command in the name of Jesus: we will not have an active tornado season.
Father, it already is trying to start off that way, and we plead the blood of Jesus over this nation, over weather modification and weather manipulation.
And we say in the name of Jesus, we call this storm season a dud.
It will not have destructive tornadoes or long-track tornadoes.
We have authority over these areas in the name of Jesus and over massive hailstorms.
We call this time to be a time of just beautiful gray rain; we break the back of drought over our areas and we speak for our lakes, our ponds, our streams, our rivers to overflow and not have drought so that our crops have enough water in the name of Jesus, especially down south in Texas.
We call that rain in the name of Jesus. And Father, we also pray over the hurricane season concerning Tampa and Florida and the Panhandle and all of North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia.
We call no major hurricanes in Atlanta, Mississippi, Georgia, Louisiana, and Texas.
We call our area and even the Caribbean; there's a lot of people that have major hurricanes in the Caribbean—Jamaica, Mexico, Haiti, and all the other islands.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there are not great major hurricanes this year; that this will not be an active year for great destruction, but a year of peace.
Wouldn't that be wonderful? You look back and nobody had lost anything. Father, I thank you, Lord.
I know we're in the end times and we're going to see things, but God, it won't affect our house.
As believers, a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh.
I thank you, Lord, that if there was some kind of storm, we don't have damage.
Our trees remain intact. Our electricity stays on. And Father, our roofs stay on our house without major hailstorms.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, that we have authority over the storm.
And when the people see it, they'll say, "What is going on with your house?"It was just Jesus.
Let me tell you about him. Let me tell you about my friend, Father.
We're called to the kingdom for such a time as this, to be the light in the earth, the salt in the earth. And we thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father, concerning these big earthquakes and the volcanoes that you showed me even on the Italy coastline as it had a 6.0 today, Father, I thank you, Lord.
I know you said this thing is going to happen and a shaking is going to come to the Vatican, but Father, I thank you that the believers in Italy are protected.
Lord, I thank you that you shake the Vatican. You shake the Catholic Church.
You bring great revival to the people of Rome and over all the Catholic congregations around the world.
I thank you for a stirring in the church, a stirring, a correction of some doctrinal issues.
I thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ to cover them in the name of Jesus.
You stir them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, that there'll be the greatest revival that we've ever seen all throughout the Catholic Church in the name of Jesus as Rome is about to be shaken and over Italy.
Thank you, Lord. I thank you that you protect the believers, Father, and even the unbelievers.
Let there be a sign, Father, that they would come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ before it's too late.
But Father, we know we're in the last days and we're going to see these things. I thank you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus.
I pray over President Trump, and we're carrying him over that finish line in the name of Jesus.
I pray over his veins and his neck, over his arteries going up to his brain.
I pray strength in his veins, his heart, his mind, and the vessels in his mind.
I plead the blood over his mind in the name of Jesus, that he will live long and finish strong.
I just saw something very dark on his son-in-law. I see an antichrist spirit around Jared Kushner. The Lord said he is not the Antichrist; he's the errand boy.
Like an errand boy employed in a shop or office to make deliveries and run other errands, he's doing his bidding right now; he's the errand boy.
I see Jared Kushner with a dark cloak coming on this man. It's trying to engulf and embrace him.
I see a dark shadow behind Jared Kushner trying to come on him, and evil will start to take over his countenance.
The Lord said, 'In the days ahead, you'll start to see that he is an errand boy.'Do you hear what I say, son?
That is very strategic. It's a fresh word. I don't want to touch it too much, y'all.
I'm coming up to it, and it's very dark. I'm not afraid of the dark; I'm just walking up to it and I see it. I see it in the spirit.
I'm coming up close, I'm bringing them into me, and I can see him, and there's a duality and there's a mask on him. There's a mask. It's the forerunner to get things done.
So much so that people are going to start to say he is the Antichrist in a greater way, even in the days ahead, because of the things that he will achieve and the things that he will bring about.
It will look like he has favor with the Muslims and other ethnic groups, and there will be a flow out of this man; people will say, 'This has to be him,'but it is not him.
There's one coming by, and he is the foreigner. And they'll say, 'This should tell you how close you are, son, for what I just showed you.'They're alive and already doing things in power.
I've got that all over my head. Watch what he does with Israel; watch what he's going to do with Israel.
Thank You, Lord. Lord, we thank You. Soon You will come. Well, who's his family, son?
Don't tell me right now. Who's his mom and daddy? I see this goes in layers and I see his lineage.
It's getting everything aligned for it to all manifest. It's all getting in line and getting all the ducks in a row.
It's all happening right in front of your faces, and a lot of you don't even see it.
The weapons that we're praying over—listen, when he starts to call peace and pull back, the weapons that you've been seeing and praying over, some of these will be used in the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war.
They don't lose it all, for there will be things that they use during this timeframe.
So don't be discouraged in some of the things you will see, for it's at a later date. It just buys time for the retaliation that is coming.
That retaliation is devising a plan; this is about the revival of the land, giving the people of Iran a window.
I see that gray-haired man again. The prince—there's still a transfer of things.
They're going to eliminate the man with the black hat. Key leaders are still to go.
Take out these leaders and there'll be stability for my people to have a window of opportunity for a great harvest.
This is what I told you was coming: a short-lived window. You still have to watch Turkey and Syria.
The very thing you try to put a timeline on, that's when you get in trouble.
He said, 'Don't put timelines on when you believe it's going to come to pass.
Don't put a timeline on when your mind thinks it should come to pass.'You see in advance.
So the Lord said, 'You're seeing in advance: prayer, much prayer.'Oh, Father!
I see the Clarity Act—a window for the finances to rain on the just.
Blessing, blessing, blessing. You know, when I'm seeing this, I'm seeing the timeline. I see Ezekiel 38 and 39. I'm watching the war take place.
I watched it all right then, and I could see them devising the plan and I could see Russia getting involved.
The weapons that we keep seeing—I see some of them will still be hidden.
They're not going to get them all. They're going to remove more leaders.
And I saw that timeframe of peace for revival for the Iranian people.
But I saw Turkey becoming restless, beating its war drums, then devising the plan.
I saw it blocking off the sea to get to the Black Sea. I saw strategic steps that are still coming. We think it's microwave; it's not. This is not microwave.
As I was looking, I saw Trump focusing back over here, taking care of Cuba and doing all this because he was being almost like Risk, you know, whenever you're playing the game and you're taking over territory and you're doing things for the Lord.
But it's in the spirit realm; it's not in the natural. It's not like you're going, 'Well, we're going to take your oil.'We may have the blunders of it, but this is about spiritual warfare.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood. And that's what I'm seeing in the spirit realm: you are looking at this as a natural fight, but it is not a natural fight.
Trump is fulfilling things that I told him to do to bring forth a spiritual war.
This is about the Antichrist, Jesus coming, the body of Christ, and the revival—the good, the evil, the devil thrown in the pit, the lake of fire, all the things.
Everything in the Bible is all there. But I see a plan. And the Lord said, 'I told you I would provide you a window of blessing for my people.
Take authority over it.'The Lord kept saying, 'You have to contend for this, Braden.'He said, 'You have to contend for the blessing concerning these investments with JP Morgan pulling on the rocket—these things, putting in crypto—the rocket taking off, a new industrial revolution.'He said, 'Brandon, it's not time yet.
You're waiting for my Son's return, but there's still key steps of revival and things that I need accomplished first.
The end is not yet.'We're right there. You're seeing it unfold.
But He wants the fruit of the harvest. He has long patience for it. So in this—my scripture is Romans...
actually, we should just keep those on a tab because the Lord keeps referring to them: 'Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receives the early and the latter rain.'James 5:7.
This is all about setting up for the harvest. Why is this all happening with Iran right now? Is this about Ezekiel 38 and 39? It's leading to it.
This is about a revival that's about to break forth with the Iranian people if the underground church in Iran will take it and run with it.
The man that's already there is about to be taken out. The black-hatted guy, the black helmet guy—I'm telling you, he's not going to be there.
I can see him being removed. Even as I was praying tonight, I see him being removed.
They'll put another man in that will be a proxy government. The guy with the gray hair, he'll be short-lived.
He'll be taken out. And then you're going to start to see Ezekiel 38 and 39 come after that.
It's not time yet. Revival is going to break through in Iran.
This is me looking into a vision trying to give you a timeline. Maybe I shouldn't do that.
But I'm trying to tell you, I see blessing coming on the body of Christ and a revival happening in America that will be of biblical proportions, and it will come out of pressure.
It's going to be beautiful, the souls that come into the kingdom of God at this timeframe.
It will be a major move of God, and it will happen in Asia and all over the place.
Lord, I need my window of opportunity to bring forth that precious fruit of the earth.
But he's using you and me. Isn't this wonderful, Braden? It's so wonderful the way he has such a plan.
And oh, you know, like Sister Billie always says, "Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner."He's getting it all set up. It's all happening.
And I saw Jared discussing, like I told you, at the Trump golf course about Gaza and all that, getting ready for the Third Temple to be rebuilt—all these things coming.
Father, we thank You, Lord. You say, "Well, how many years you think I could have it?"I don't know.
Less than ten. It's me looking into... I mean, I'm thinking, man, that's going to take a little bit.
But the Lord says He's coming sooner than you think. Could be three, could be two, could be tomorrow.
I don't know. But I'm just telling you, it looks like it's coming quick.
It's all happening fast. Do you see it? We call every single thing that's supposed to be found, found.
We call for a shaking in the Iranian government. We call him removed.
We call the next one in, so that they have revival in the nation again.
Well, I don't know if they've ever had it before, but for the first time, revival in the nation.
I thank You, Father, for a shaking in Iraq, a shaking in the currency of Iraq, a shaking in all of what's about to take place in the Middle East.
We thank You, Father, for President Trump, that You keep him protected and give him wisdom.
We praise You, Father, for his children, that they're safe and out of harm's way, and this nation will rise up and we will have an amazing move of God.
Thank You, Lord. Many will come to the saving knowledge of Jesus—many will come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I'm telling you, it's going to be great days of fun. It's going to be a lot of fun.
He wants you to have not a heavy heart, but an expectation for the things you've been believing for, for the unsaved.
I saw when I was looking over and He said, "Braden, these are days of great fun.
This isn't sad for the Body of Christ."I see the Groom bringing forth blessings for the Bride—extravagant blessings.
I see the Groom bringing forth to the Bride—the ones who are the remnant that have come by His side—extravagant blessings.
Some of you will find treasures. I see substance like treasures, like I told you.
You'll be in services and true authentic glory dust—gold dust—will come down on the people, and there'll be true jewels, not fake stuff.
I'm talking massive stones the size of my thumb will come out of seemingly nowhere—glory out of gifts and surprises.
Rubies, sapphires, diamonds, emeralds—things that are heavenly.
As it is in heaven, it is about to come on your services, and it will be authentic.
There has been a counterfeit of this, but the Lord said, "I'm about to show off and show up in your services with the authentic version of this as gifts and surprises to My beloved as the Bride and the Bridegroom."The Bridegroom is getting ready to take you home.
He's getting ready to take you home, lacking no good thing, healed and whole and well, walking in divine health.
Where is there any sick among you? You have to ask the question: is there?
I don't know because I don't think there is. Everybody's healed. What is it going to be like to ask that? If there is...
I think the majority in the Body of Christ is overcoming something right now, but if there is anybody left, they're going to be healed.
The manifestation is where you say, "There is no sick among you."The Lord said, "A great display of My love toward you.
Services of great fun."This is a marriage ceremony. It's like a celebration, and even that reception afterwards.
Remember when we went to the reception—the Lord showed out—the reception afterwards, the Marriage Supper of the Lamb.
The ceremony is a wedding party. It's a fun celebration where His kids are coming home.
We thank You, Lord. Come, Lord Jesus, come. We're so excited, Father, for what we're about to see.
Impartations of the glory on you and me. Arise and shine, My beloved.
Arise and shine. Be bold. Thank You, Lord. Oh, I have to say, "When, Lord?
When is this all going to start to really roll out?"He said, "Run to Me."He said, "I want to bring a refreshing to the people.
They have become weary in well-doing. They leak out."They're leaking out the drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Thank You, Father. He wants to bring a refreshing to the people.
We thank You, Lord, that You bring a refreshing to the pastors.
They've dumped out. They're tired. They have become weary in well-doing.
They're working another full-time job because they don't have enough income coming in at the church to sustain them being a full-time pastor yet.
Give them strength, Lord. Give them strength. Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord. Give them strength, Father, to keep going.
Thank You, Lord, that You put wind in their sails so that they will not be weary in well-doing.
They'll mount up and they'll fly like the eagles. They'll soar like the eagle.
We call forth a refreshing over the households here tonight.
Father, though we see all these things around us, we thank You, Lord, that it's time for us to take our flight—coming up higher where You desire.
Thank You, Lord, that You have greater things in store for the Body.
Thank You, Lord, for a refreshing on Your sons and Your daughters, Father, that we drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord. We lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole. Thank You, Lord.
Lord, we thank You that tonight You bring a refreshing to every single person who's here tonight.
Thank You, Father, for the time they've given us to pray. Thank You, Lord, for protecting our president today.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for giving him wisdom on how to handle this Iraq situation and all the other situations that are coming at him.
Thank You, Lord, that he'll know the ones that are lying and the ones that are telling the truth.
He'll have great discernment and wisdom like Solomon to finish this race.
Thank You, Father, for Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever.
Amen. We believe it. To God be the glory. To God be the glory. To God be the glory for the things He has done.
With His blood He has saved me. With His power He has raised me.
To God be the glory for the things He has done. Thank You, Lord.
Well, I've kept you an hour, two hours, but I have to ask you this.
Do you know, my friend—there's so many of you who come to just spectate and see what's going on on this channel, there are 8,100 of you—and I have to ask you: do you know Jesus Christ?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity? There is a heaven to gain and there is a hell to shun.
If you are here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, tonight is your night.
It's never too late. It might just be a little bit before Tuesday here in Oklahoma.
We're right at the start of a brand new day here in the early wee hours of the morning.
But you are here and you have come to prayer tonight for such a time as this for salvation.
And I truly believe that there's probably many of you out there that have never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
But tonight's your night. No one's promised tomorrow. I keep having to tell you all that.
This could be your last opportunity. Do not bypass this time and say, 'Well, maybe tomorrow, Brandon. I'm tired. I'm going to bed.'You may not wake up tomorrow.
Are you willing to take a gamble on your eternity for just a couple of minutes of prayer and saying something with your whole heart?
Jesus has never left you. He's always been ready to receive you.
He's knocking on the door of your heart right now. Will you let him in?
But a lot of people will turn and say, 'Ah, you know what? I'm not ready yet.'You may not have another opportunity.
The very shoes you put on today—here in a couple hours to go to work or do whatever you're going to go do—the very shoes you put on today, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
Do not play and gamble with your eternity. I want you to be real with yourself, but I want Jesus to become real to you.
And the only way you do that is by inviting him in and saying, 'Jesus, I need you. I'm a sinner.
I need a savior, and I believe you're the son of God, and you rose again on the third day.'So, I want you just to say a simple prayer with me.
You may have been a Christian at one time that has been on fire, but because of the things of this world and all the bombardment of all the trash we see on a day-to-day basis, you've become weary in well-doing.
You've let your wood get a little wet. You're not where you should be by any means. You're a little—I would consider—backsliding.
But tonight, you want a fresh, clean start and you're here tonight and you say, 'Brandon, will you please pray for me?
I want to sell out to Jesus one more time. I want to make a fresh, clean start tonight.
Please help me.'You came to the right place and we're here to help you.
So, I'm just going to say a simple little prayer and I believe if you say it with your whole heart, you're saved.
Just believe it. That he that cometh to God must believe that he is.
You must believe that he is first and that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
And we're going to diligently seek the Lord Jesus Christ. Even on the other side, I'm going to seek him. I'll follow him around.
He'll be like, 'Brandon, I've got something for you to do.'I'll be like, 'I'm sticking right by your side.
You ain't getting rid of me. I'll be your errand boy. I don't care.
What do you need?'But seriously, I want you to say this prayer after me.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the son of God. I believe you died and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I am a sinner and I need a savior. I ask you to forgive me of my sins, Lord.
I ask you to wash me with your precious blood. Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil. As of this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
I dedicate my heart, my life, my being, everything I am to you. I'm yours, and I want you to be mine.
I thank you Lord that from this day forward I am no longer living the way I used to but I am born again.
I am a new creation created in Christ Jesus. Thank you Lord that you write my name in that lamb's book of life.
Thank you Lord that if I die today I will be with you in paradise for eternity. I'll serve you. I honor you.
And I thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Amen. And amen.'I believe if you just said that prayer, you just got born again.
Now, what do you do now? You go to a Bible-believing church. I would say a non-denominational church.
That's where we would go. And I would get plugged in there and I'd tell the pastor at the church, 'Hey, listen.
I need to be water baptized. I want to be water baptized and help me.'If you're in a good church, they'll help you.
Get water baptized. Get plugged in there. Learn all you can.
Read your Bible every day and pray. Seek him. Come over here. Watch our videos.
Be a part of our prayer group, be part of this little church family we have here and be a part of reading your Bible.
Hey, if you don't have a Bible, we will buy you your first Bible, my wife and I, just to love on you and to tell you congratulations for becoming born again on our channel.
We want to love on you and just—we won't solicit you. We'll not bother you ever again, but you have to give us your address and an email.
Tell us your address in the email down below. 'I got born again in the headlines'so we know who you are.
We just want to congratulate you, but we'll send you a Bible.
We want to love on you and so we just say welcome to the kingdom of God. Welcome to our YouTube channel. Welcome to our family.
There's 43 of you that just gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
All 43 of you, welcome home and welcome to the family of God. We're excited you're here.
In our last video, we had over 125 plus get born again. And so this night we've had 43.
So this week we're going on 200 souls in less than two days. Almost 200 people in the last two days.
And so Jesus is just pouring out his spirit. And we're excited that you all are coming to the kingdom of God. Thank you for being here.
If you're new to our YouTube channel, like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all you can to help us with the algorithm.
I really do appreciate it. I'm going to tell you, we're not that popular of a channel to the world. They don't—the YouTube algorithm does not like us.
But because of you all sharing us to your family and friends and telling everybody about us, we're growing.
And so we're excited by leaps and bounds, all to the glory of God.
So we're believing for our X channel, our X on Elon, and Facebook and Instagram.
They're all in the description down below. We're praying for those to go to 100,000 apiece. We're almost there.
So, we're so excited that we're getting so close to our numbers of believing for a backup to the backup in case something happens over here.
We're not believing for it, but just in case, we have it and you'll know where to find us.
But don't go follow an imitator because there's a lot of people trying to copy my stuff.
We got emails all day long. No, do not copy. Do not put my stuff on your website. Do not do anything.
I don't know you and I don't mean to be rude to you, but I don't know what you believe and I don't know what you stand for and you try to sell my stuff.
I don't sell nothing. I don't try to ask the people nothing and people trying to sell products and crypto and everything else.
So, if I find you doing it, I'm going to strike your channel down and I'm not going to give no mercy for it no more.
I'm telling you, I'm going to give you an X and you're going to be mad at me, but it's your fault. You did it. So, we love you.
And we appreciate it, but a lot of these people are just trying to pirate off of my stuff and it's not right.
And so we love you though. God bless you. You know, we're excited you're here.
That was really interesting tonight. Things the Lord showed us about Jared.
You know, darkness... there was greater things I'll tell about. But I'm gonna tell you, I don't try to pick at anybody.
I'm just trying to tell you that what the Lord will use in the days ahead concerning Jared Kushner as being an errand boy for the errand boy for the antichrist to fulfill his agendas before he steps in.
He's the forerunner with Emmanuel Macron. Emmanuel Macron has his own thing for Europe. There are different sectors, which is interesting to me.
You know that Europe is their own deal and you'll see that, and then Jared will be over Israel and the Middle East helping out with these different sectors, and it's kind of creepy.
So I know I kept y'all late. It's already after midnight; it's already Tuesday.
Welcome tomorrow, Tuesday. Is that amazing? The days go so quick.
I came on late tonight. I'll try to come on earlier tomorrow.
You know, the sun stayed out later and so we stayed out later traveling around doing things.
So, when the sun's out later, it makes me out later. So, God bless you all.
We love you. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.